---
layout: post
title:  SportCares Picnic at the Istana
date:   2018-01-16
permalink: /media/events/sportcares-picnic-2019
---

#### Last Updated: 17 JAN 2019 10:40AM

**EVENT STATUS**: Event is proceeding as planned
<BR>**WEATHER UPDATE**: Thundery showers expected 

Dear SportCares Constituent,

Thank you for RSVPing for the SportCares Picnic at the Istana. We’re now less than a week away from the event. You must be wondering what to expect! Here are some things to take note of:

**Event Time**: 3-6PM 
<BR> **Registration Time**: 2PM onwards. Registration closes at 3.30PM
<BR> **Please Prepare**: Photo ID (NRIC/Driving Licence/Student Pass/Work Pass/Passport – Photo ID must reflect the ID number in the SMS confirmation), SMS Confirmation (shown on phone) OR Group Confirmation Slip (hardcopy, for selected groups only)

**If you did not receive your SMS Confirmation, please proceed to the Registration Desk to verify your ID BEFORE you join the queue.**

**GENERAL EVENT HOTLINE**: 96556597 – For reporting of lost items, missing child, emergencies, etc. 
<BR>**GENERAL EVENT EMAIL**: sportcares@sport.gov.sg

#### What to Bring

**What to Bring**

*	Cap/hat
*	Sunscreen and mosquito repellent
*	Picnic mat 
*	As the event site is big, SportCares will be providing NAME TAG STICKERS for children and guests with special needs at Registration. Parents and caregivers may write their contact numbers on these name tags

**Food Items**

* Dry foods – finger foods, biscuits, sandwiches 
* Please do not pack sweet drinks and liquid foods, e.g. yogurt, bubble tea. No canned drinks and canned food allowed
* Bottled water and light finger food will be provided
* Reusable cutlery sets will be provided

**Dress Code** 

* Covered shoes. No slippers/strappy sandals 
* No revealing tops (spaghetti straps, bare back, tube top, etc.)
* No miniskirts and mini shorts, no torn jeans
* No clothing with offensive slogans or text

**Prohibited Items** – Please refer to the attached items below. In addition, please do not bring any other sharp equipment (e.g. scissors, metal knives), sports equipment or mobile travelling devices such as kick-scooters






